# CK changelog

## 0.6.4

* Fixed bug in the CSV generated by the standalone tool.
* Fixed log message
* More unit tests

## 0.6.3

* Internal mechanism to select the order of which metrics should be executed (so that metrics can leverage previously calculated metrics)
* Renaming maxNextBlocks to maxNestedBlocksQty, which follows the style of the other metrics' names.
* Pitest dependency removed.
* Update dependencies to their latest versions.
* Method for individual file analysis and a convenience method for analysing the whole directory.
* Improvements on log statement detection

## 0.6.2

* Fix 'null' that was returned by LCC and TCC metrics in a specific case.

## 0.6.1

* Fix bug related to directories that had ".git" in the name

## 0.6.0

* New metrics: LCC and TCC
* Tests migrated to JUnit 5 

## 0.5.2

* Initializer methods are now called as "(initializer X)", where X is the number of the
initializer. See issue #53.

## 0.5.1

* The number of lines of code is now more precise and standard to all the elements. Now, LOC is actually
SLOC (i.e., it does not empty lines or comments).

## 0.5.0

* Passing the number of files in a JDT partition via (optional) parameter. We, however,
suggest you to only change this number if you have a good reason, as the default
value is calculated based on the amount of free memory available.
* Variables and field metrics can now be disabled via a parameter. This produces
way less output.
* New metric: Number of log statements in a method.
* Better documentation on "Number of Methods" metrics: Constructor methods are counted here.
* Enhancements on the implementations of "max nested block depth" and "word count".
* Bub fix: Number of inner classes and max nested block depth were returning -1 in specific cases.
* Bug fix: resolving an inexisting generic class when calculating CBO
* Add Pitest as test dependency of the project.
* Refactorings: metrics now implement CKASTVisitor instead of JDT's ASTVisitor directly,
variable and field metrics are now indicated by means of an interface and not an annotation.
* SubClass was renamed to innerClass. Subclass was definitely the wrong name.
* Fix a bug in the CSV generator: it was printing the line number of the method twice.
* Lots of new tests.

## 0.4.4

* Compiling CK with JDK 8 compatibility (instead of Java 11)

## 0.4.3

* FIX: Lambda expressions declared in field initialization used to crash
CK. In this version, lambda expressions are considered part of the class
and the method it is embedded; in other words, lambda expressions, differently
from anonymous classes, are not considered "classes".

* FIX/FEATURE: The CBO metric now tries to capture as much as coupling possible
even when the binding fails. Moreover, it also fixes a small NPE that was occurring
when one of the resolveBinding failed.

## 0.4.2

* FEATURE: The 'number of comparisons' operator now also counts !=.
Before that, it would only count ==.

* FIX: If a method binding fails, CK was throwing an exception in its endVisit.

* FEATURE: CK can make use of jar files in the project folder to better
resolve bindings.

* FEATURE: CK now first tries to use the resolved binding; if the binding fails,
it then uses the information available at the class only (in 0.4.x versions before
this one, if binding failed, CK would not process that class/method).

* FEATURE: When collecting java files, CK always ignores .git directories.

## 0.4.1

* FEATURE/FIX: Add support for static initializers as methods. In 0.4.0, an exception
was happening whenever a class had an initializer. The method appears
as "(initializer)"

## 0.4.0

* FEATURE: Better support for classes. sub-classes, and anonymous classes.
* FEATURE: Support for Java 11
* FEATURE: Metrics at method and variable levels.

(I was not doing a changelog before that)
